
## Introduction
<p>
The <b>Manufacturing Futures Institute</b> at Carnegie Mellon University has embarked on a mission to become a leader in the digital transformation of manufacturing.  Carnegie Mellon engineers and scientists are building the foundational technology infrastructure at Mill 19 and the university that will support and enable data-driven advanced manufacturing research for decades to come.
Commonly known as a digital backbone, this foundational infrastructure for connecting, collecting and contextualizing research data generated throughout the Mill 19 facility will enable researchers to build, apply and leverage curated and trusted data sources for the transformation of manufacturing. This same foundational infrastructure provides a platform upon which comprehensive virtual representations of equipment, processes, products and materials can be built to mirror their physical counterparts, creating “digital twins”, in real-time or near-real-time.
</p>
<p>
Investments in the wired and wireless data networks within CMU’s Mill 19 facility have expanded the digital connectedness within the building, providing pathways to virtual machines for data archival on the Campus Cloud.  The archival of data, while necessary, is by itself insufficient.  We need a way to transform actual data to contextualized and useful information so that the researchers are able to transform the information to knowledge.  Enter the role of data historians - database tools capable of retrieving, storing and analyzing data from various sensors and IoT devices.
</p>
<p>
Data historians, originally developed in the late 1980’s, are not new to CMU.  The Facilities Management & Campus Services (FMCS) organization has been using the AVEVA PI System, a commercially available and industry accepted historian system, since 2015 to connect, collect and contextualize building systems data for the university.  We desire to build upon the university’s AVEVA PI System experience, leveraging a perpetual complimentary academic software license and the experiences of operating the commercial PI System within the FMCS, Computing Services and Application Management organizations at CMU.  
</p>
<p>
Specific “alpha” projects at Mill 19 serve as the training grounds for MFI staff, researchers and organizations.  Our intention is to build a data intensive manufacturing research environment that leverages real-time data and synthetic data (via simulation) to build and share knowledge, including industry and operations relevant digital twin research and education.  To accomplish this objective, we envision the data historian system must support ingestion of time series data from physical equipment and sensors, time series data from simulations and user provided metadata (including photos, videos and sketches) for explanation and contextualization. 
</p>